Instructions for using Dome:

The main area shows the XML/HTML document you are editing.

To move to a node, just click on it. Hold down Ctrl to select multiple
nodes. Double-click a node to collapse/expand it.

There is a right-click popup menu with many operations.
The following keys can also be used to move around.

[ some operations are only available from the keyboard, or only from the menu ]

		Up	: Move to previous sibling
		Down	: Move to next sibling
		Left	: Move to parent node
		Right	: Move to first child node
		End	: Move to last child node
		
		Home	: Move to root node
		
Entering a node makes that node appear to be the root. Useful if you want
to concentrate on a subtree for a while (allows Home to be used easily).

		>	: Enter node
		<	: Leave node
		
		t	: Search for some text
		slash	: Search by XPath

		#	: Select by XPath (use to select multiple nodes)

Use # to select multiple nodes. For example, the XPath 'li' will select every
child node of the current node which is a 'li' element. Useful with map.

Making changes:
		I	: Insert element (before the current node)
		A	: Append element (after the current node)
		O	: Create a child element inside the current node
		
		i	: Like I, but creates a text node
		a	: Like A, but creates a text node
		o	: Like O, but creates a text node

		y	: Yank (copy selected nodes to clipboard)
		Y	: Yank attributes (useful to get all attributes,
			  otherwise just select the attribute and do 'y')
		P	: Paste clipboard before current node
		p	: Paste clipboard after current node
		bracketright : Paste clipboard inside current node
		R	: Replace current node with clipboard

		^	: Replace current node with page sucked from the web.
			  The URI is taken from the selected attribute, or
			  any 'uri' attribute if an element is selected.

		Tab	: Edit the current node (press again to finish).
		Return	: Same as Tab.
		@	: Select attribute by name (same as clicking the
			  attribute).
		+	: Add a new attribute.
		!	: Replace current node with result of python expression.
		s	: Regexp search and replace on selected nodes.

		x	: Delete current node (to clipboard).
		X	: Delete attribute by name (or click attribute and
			  use 'x').

		.	: Repeat last operation

		u	: Undo (unlimited number of undos)
		r	: Redo

When writing programs, these two can be useful:

		?	: Get input from user (stored on clipboard).
		=	: Compare selected nodes (recursive tree comparison).

